[Idle Detection article] Reflect permission changes (#3678)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/idle-detection/index.md

### Using the Idle Detection API

The first step when using the Idle Detection API is
to ensure the `'idle-detection'` permission is granted.
If the permission is not granted, you need to
request it via `IdleDetector.requestPermission()`.

```js
// Make sure 'idle-detection' permission is granted.
const state = await IdleDetector.requestPermission();
if (state !== 'granted') {
  // Need to request permission first.
  return console.log('Idle detection permission not granted.');
}
```

{% Aside %}
  Initially, idle detection was gated behind the
  notifications permission.

>   While many, however, not all, use cases of this API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  While many, but not all, use cases of this API
```

>   involve notifications, we have decided to gate it

Reviewer: Who is 'we'? Spec authors?

Author: Yes, changed accordingly.

>   involve notifications, we have decided to gate it

Author: ```suggestion
  involve notifications, the Idle Detection spec editors have decided to gate it
```
